# My Easy README

## DESCRIPTION
This is an application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file. All you have to do is answer a few questions on your command-line. Save time to work on your code and leave the README file for us.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS
* [Usage](#instructions)
* [Credits](#credits) 
* [Contributing](#contribution)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)


## USAGE
1 - Make sure you have node.js installed on your machine. If you don't, download it form (https://nodejs.org).  
2 - On your command line, navigate to the folder containing this app and run <   npm i   >. This will install the npm packages needed to run this application. Wait until the installation finnishes. It can take a few minutes.  
3 - Now, still at the same folder, on command line run <   node index.js   >
4 - Just anser the questions according how you want them to appear on our readme.
5 - When you anser all of our questions, the generated file will be save inside the "markdowns" folder.



## CREDITS
I would like to thank Sal and Mark for all the lessons and their patience with us.

## CONTRIBUTING
You are welcome to help if you have any ideas to improve our project! If you want to do so, just follow these steps:

1 - Fork the repository.  
2 - Create a new branch for you new feature or bug fix.  
3 - Make the changes you have in mind.  
4 - Commit your changes and push them to your fork.  
5 - Open a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

## LICENSE
MIT license

# CONTACT
* Github: LeopoldoGurgel
* E-mail: leopoldogbp@gmail.com

This file was generated by Easy Readme Generator